All right.
In the last section, we have completed the about page.
In this section, we're going to create the nav bar component.
I just realized something that this page is not aligned with the.
Now with the header.
So because the header has some margin in the x axis, so we can simply fix that one by just adding a
more padding of four here.
Now, if we check, there should be in a line now.
For the nav bar.
I just want to show you how this one works.
So we're going to create a component called NAV four, and we put it inside the layout Gsx, which is
going to be in all pages.
Then inside the nav bar.
We have a div here.
Let me show it here for you.
So now we have a diff here.
And inside this one, we have two components, one for this one and one for the other one.
And we're going to pass the information like the title and these parameters here to that component.
So let's go back to Visual Studio Code, and we open the Explorer section.
And we go to layout the G6 and we create the nav bar here.
So we're going to get the nav bar.
It should be here, but we need to create it inside the components folder.
So we go to components folder.
We create a new component and we call it nav bar dot Gsx and we can use RFC to create a React functional
component and we need to import this one inside the layout ESX by just using control space.
No, we should see the number in our website, which is here.
You can see it here.
And let's go and we pass the parameters inside the nav bar.
So inside the nav for we have.
We're going to.
Have two new components, which is the nav bar item.
And let's.
So we're going to pass two things.
We're going to pass the title.
Which for the first one is trending.
And the parameter I just call it Prem here.
And the parameter is for for the training is fetch.
Trending.
So in the final version we have here the title trending, and here the genre is Fetch Trending.
But for the top rated, the top, the title is top rated and the.
And this genre parameter is fish top rated.
So we're going to copy this one and change the title for the next one, which is top rated.
And this one should be.
Fetch top rated.
Okay, Now we need to create this component and get these attributes.
And we show it inside there.
So we're going to create a component and we call it name for item that is X and we created by using
ref C.
Here.
We can get the parameters.
Which is the we get the title and prep.
And we can show it here for now.
We just say, for example, Etch font title and then.
Let's see and check it.
These errors is actually not error.
This is just for the production development section.
In the production, you don't get these errors.
So we have an error saying the nav bar item is not defined.
So we're going to go back to the nav port, the G6.
Here and we just import this number item by using control space.
We also import that.
And now we should see the trending and top rated inside the nav bar.
Let's style them here.
So let me bring this one to the right side.
And then we just bring them next to each other.
I'm going to close the Explorer section so we have more space.
Now we can style them in real time and check them.
So we can get add a class name here.
We change the display to flags to bring them next to each other.
And we just used Justify Content center.
And.
To just.
Align them next to each other correctly.
And the.
Let's see what we can change here.
So.
And the other things I want to do.
I think that is enough for this one.
We just need some space between them so we can add this space inside the.
Debt now for item.
So here, instead of title showing the title, I want to add a link here link tag because I want to
link between them.
So I'm going to just add a link tag which is coming from next for slash link.
And this one has a H ref.
The address.
And the address for this one is.
Forward slash.
And with the parameter genre.
And this is going to be dynamic.
So we need to add a back take here and at the end so we can have a dynamic parameter.
So the dynamic font, we can add it by adding a dollar sign.
And this is going to be prem.
And for those who don't know, this backpack is located on the top of the tab key on on the keyboard.
It's not the clone, it's bektic.
So now we get the parameter here.
And inside the link tag we're going to have.
That's a.
Title.
So let's see that we can add this title here.
Now we should see that.
Let's save it and see it here in real time.
So let's refresh the page.
Now we see the nav bar.
So if we click on the trending.
I want to show you, if we click on Trending or top rated, we go to genre for slash fish trending.
If you click on top rated, we go to fetch top rated.
So now let's install this nav nav bar.
So we go back to Visual Studio Code and we go to nav for.
Let's bring this one to the right side.
I want this now board to have two colors, one for the light mode and one for the dark mode.
So here inside this div that we have added the Flex and Justify Content center.
I want to add some things for the dark mode, so I'm going to just sit dark in the dark mode.
I want to have the background color gray.
600.
And let's see that we can see the change.
So I'm going to save this one.
I refresh the page.
Yes, we have the background color gray and in the light mode, I want to have the background color.
Amber 100.
So and then we in the large size and above, I want the text to be larger.
So just use text large and let's have some padding of four pixels.
So this is the now we have.
And inside the light mode we have a different color.
Amber 100.
So let's install each of these items inside the nav bar item.
I think we don't need this file anymore.
I'm going to close this one.
So inside the nav item that gsx.
We can add the styles inside this link.
So I'm going to open this, add a class name because I want to have a kind of dynamic styling because
based on the if this one is selected, I want to have an undergrad on the line too.
So I want to add a dynamic one.
So I'm going to add a back tick here.
First, I want to add some margin in the margin of four.
So this is going to add some space between them.
Let's let's see now we have the.
Cursor to pointer and when we hover over it, I want the color to be.
Amber 600.
Like this.
Okay.
And then.
Let's make the font to be semi bold.
And padding of two, we can add some padding as well.
So we add some more space.
For the underline.
So now we we finish with the common part.
Now we want to add the.
Dynamic parts for the dynamic.
I want to see if the genre is finished.
Top rated.
I want to add the underline here.
If this one is fetch trending, I want to add the underlying here, so we need to get the parameter.
Uh, from the URL in next.
Yes.
For the components, we need to use something called search programs.
And we use the use search from Hawk.
Search.
Prem.
It's called search prams, and it's coming from Nick's forward slash navigation.
And we need to initialize this one here.
So after the exports.
We can initialize this.
We just need the search params.
So I'm going to create a constant.
I call it search.
Prams.
And this is going to be equal to use search programs.
Hook that we got here.
But because we are using Hook, we cannot use this component in server side.
We can do we just have to change it to client component.
So we need to add this client at the top, use client.
K Now we shouldn't get an error.
And then by using this search prams, we can understand the pram here.
So from this use search params, we can get the parameters as genre.
So I'm going to create another constant.
I'm going to call it genre.
And this is going to be equal to.
This search preamps and it has a method called get.
And we're going to get the genre from that.
Now we can use this one inside the link.
So for the dynamic styling, I'm going to add.
A dollar sign to add a dynamic one.
And then we just say.
If the genre exists, because sometimes you are in the in the home page, you don't have genre.
If the genre exists.
And genre is equal to the premium that we are getting from this props.
We want to have the color.
So let's this.
Let's remove this one, this suggestion.
So I want to add some different.
Collar and under underline.
So I want to have it underlined firstly.
Then.
I want to change the underlying offset to be eight, which is the space between the underline and the
text.
You can see here now.
I wanted to have a declaration of four, which is the thickness of the underlying declaration for.
So it would be thicker.
And I want to change the color of the decoration to be amber.
500.
And also I want it to be rounded.
So I'm just say around it.
Large, large.
So it has a rounded corner after that.
So I'm going to save this one.
And now.
If you go to training.
We see the underlying is under trending.
If you go to top rated, we see the underline is under top rated.
So we could see it inside the final version, too, so we could manage to have a dynamic styling as
well.
For dynamic styling, we just need to have a back tick.
And inside the dynamic section we added dollar sign and curly braces.
And here we just add our conditions.
We just say if the genre exists.
So if, for example, if you are in the home page and there is no genre, we don't get any underline.
But if the genre is equal to, for example, top trending, we get the online here.
If it's top fetch, top rated, we get it here.
So.
It's also working for the light mode as well.
In the light and dark mode, we have a different background color for the nav bar and if you click here,
we still see this color inside this light mode and dark mode.
So that was it for the nav bar component.
In the next section, we're going to work on the.
Fetching data from the MDB API.
But for now we just add everything to GitHub using contour shift G by clicking on this plot sign and
we just make a message, which is create.
The NAV for component.
And we can click here and click on Commit and push to push it into GitHub and we can check what we have
done inside the GitHub by refreshing the page inside the commits page.
Now we have a new commit create the network component.
Let's zoom this and review what we have done.
So inside the page that is X in the about page, we just added a padding of four inside the layout that
G6 we have imported the nav bar component and add it here after the header and before the search box.
We have created a component called Napa Gsx, which includes another component called Navarre Item.
And we're going to pass two attributes to this component, the title and the program, which is based
on that title.
And we have created another component called Navarre Item, which is.
Client side because we are using some hoax called use search programs and we get the data from the attributes
and we passed here as a props title and pram and we get the parameters of the URL using the use search
params and we get the genre parameter using the JIT method and passing the genre.
Then we're going to return a link which is going to have a title in the middle and the H ref is the
parameter that we get and we pass to the genre and we have added a dynamic styling.
For example, if the genre exists and genre is equal to prem, we're going to have an underline with
a different color.
And yet that was it for the war component.
In the next section, we're going to fetch data from the API to MDB API and show it inside the home
page based on this trending or top rated.